[singing voice] Aniplex.
[gasps]
[Shirou] A castle!
[booming]
And there's some kind
of fight happening!
I guess we can't use
the front door.
Come on.
We'll find another way in.
[grunts]
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
[distant booming]
[snarls]
[clangs]
So that's how it is.
[booming]
[gasping]
[Shinji] Man, that was awesome!
Every one of those
was a Noble Phantasm of yours?
Totally sweet, man!
You have, like, insane skills!
What a letdown.
This guy wasn't nearly
as tough as he looked.
He was nothing but
a big ol' meathead.
[Gilgamesh] If you value
your life,
stand back.
There's more going on
than you're aware of.
Huh?
[rumbling]
[shouts]
[snarling]
[Shinji screaming]
[Gilgamesh] I'm tired of heroes
who refuse to fall
when cut or burned,
but I have never seen one
who could truly return
from the dead.
I see your Noble Phantasm
is something you've grown
from your life and myths.
A Noble Phantasm
that I don't possess.
It seems that I am at
a disadvantage.
I find this vexing.
Only the finest
of weapons will suffice
to bring this one down.
Hercules.
The stories tell you performing
12 labors,
after which you
were welcomed among the gods.
You are adamant and unyielding.
The ultimate in perseverance.
My armory, however,
is unlimited.
The ultimate in offensive force.
And overflowing with ways
to kill heroes.
Stop playing nurse maid,
Hercules.
Each time you die,
another labor is done,
but after these 12,
no gods welcome you.
Berserker can't lose to anyone
because he's the strongest
in the world!
[roaring]
[booming]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
He's finally back!
[Illyasviel panting]
Welcome back, Da‐‐
[grunts]
[door creaks closed]
[gasps]
Mother?
[Irisviel] I'm sorry,
but your mother is gone.
She died at the hand of the man
she loved above any other.
What are you telling me.
Mother said that she
would become the Holy Grail
and that my daddy
would keep her safe.
[Irisviel] I was betrayed
and you were betrayed.
We were both betrayed.
Betrayed and then...
Cast aside like broken tools.
[Illyasviel] No!
That's a lie!
Why are you lying to me?
All these things you're saying,
they're all lies!
[gasping]
Where's my daddy?
[gasps]
It's all right.
I can take care of myself.
I can manage on my own.
[inhales and exhales sharply]
[gasps]
They say that he's dead,
you know.
They say the traitor is dead.
Without ever coming for us,
thinking only of himself until
the day he died.
[Illyasviel] I don't care.
That has nothing to do with me.
I've decided that I'm going
to live by myself.
[Irisviel] But you have to care,
because he had a child,
because the traitor
had a family.
A family other than us.
A family.
Do I have a brother?
[Irisviel] Yes, and you can kill
each other.
You can kill each other
very soon.
The fire of the greater Grail
still burns.
The last war was incomplete
so soon another one will resume.
I can't wait.
I can hardly wait,
Illyasviel.
That gives you a reason
to live, doesn't it?
Just like that human.
[exhales]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Illyasviel whimpering]
It hurts!
I don't wanna do this anymore!
Why do they do this?
Why do they have
to cut me every day?
[whimpers]
[gasps]
This Holy Grail War is stupid.
Why don't they just stop it?
‐ [Woman] We cannot.
‐ [gasps]
[Woman] That war is our purpose.
It is why we exist.
The miracle occurred
1,000 years ago.
We were created in an attempt
to replicate that event.
Magic.
Humanity's salvation.
That will only bring happiness
to human beings.
What do we get?
What makes life good for us.
We have no concept
of what happiness is.
We are only their tools.
We are the used
and not the users.
It is doubtful that real joy
has even been know
by Elder Acht.
[Woman] Yes, we are nothing
but tools to activate
the Holy Grail.
To that end,
we have suffered for 1,000 years
but at long last
they finally achieved you.
[Illyasviel] I was achieved
by them?
Yes.
You are the Einzbern's
top achievement.
The result of their research
on us.
They will never
create one superior
to you no matter how much time
they choose to spend.
They will give up if there
should ever come a time
when you are defeated.
Elder Acht will turn off
the power himself.
[Woman] It is doubtful
that real joy
has even been known
by Elder Acht.
Everyone will give up?
You'll choose to stop living?
Yes.
Then a millennium of research
will end
and all the Einzbern efforts
will come to a close.
They will do it
with a smile saying
that they gave it their all
but it was to no avail.
That is horrible!
You're all alive!
Why should any
of you have to die?
Shouldn't I be the one to die
if I'm the one to fight?
Sweet child,
please don't mourn for us.
Even if it was all for nothing,
none of us will mind.
[Woman] Even if we cannot
be saved,
we will finally be freed
of our obligation.
[shudders]
Duty, duty, duty.
It's always duty!
Who do the Einzberns think
they are?
We never had the chance to live
or love or have identities
of our own!
I am Sella.
My assignment
is to look after you,
beginning today,
and this one is called Leysritt,
who will be protecting you.
I‐‐Illya, nice to meet...
Please forgive her, mistress.
Leysritt's link is not yet
completely functional.
‐ [Illyasviel] Who cares?
‐ [both] Hmm?
Introductions
are a waste of time.
You two are the same
as the others.
The servant,
is it here yet?
[Sella] Yes, the summoning
has already been performed.
A great hero renowned
in Greek mythology.
Hercules.
[growls]
So splendid and inspiring.
Oh, you should rejoice,
mistress.
With a heroic spirit
such as this summoned,
your victory is assured.
We now pledge our lives
and all our abilities
on your behalf.
I don't care.
I don't want anything like that.
Servants are nothing more
than tools to use.
What's inside them
doesn't matter.
I can manage just fine
on my own.
I don't need anyone else
to win the Holy Grail War.
That's not the truth.
You need Berserker, too.
Berserker
will keep Illya safely.
Don't make me laugh.
A servant is only
a familiar bound by
a set of magical rules.
[Illyasviel] Without my
command seals,
it would betray me.
I don't trust anyone anymore.
[Sella] We will now start
linking you and Berserker.
The work done throughout
the past years
has placed magic circuits
in over 70% of your body.
An ordinary master would receive
far less servant feedback
than you will be feeling.
Mistress, please use caution.
Illya, if it hurts,
you need to stop.
I don't care.
Let's get started.
[growls]
[roars]
What is going on here?
[Illyasviel] What are you doing?
I order you to move, Berserker!
I said move!
What's the matter with you?
[blow lands]
Come on!
Move!
You're the most powerful
heroic spirit?
Dammit, move!
[roaring]
[both gasping]
[Illyasviel screams]
[gasping]
Mistress, stop!
You have to sever the link!
We can perform the ritual
for the pact some other time!
[Illyasviel] This is nothing.
Leave me alone.
I will break him soon enough.
Just be quiet and watch.
I will not be beaten!
I'm the most powerful master
in the world!
I'll break you!
What?
How'd I get here?
Oh, that's right.
I was in the middle
of the final test.
If I make it back
to the castle alive,
then I can go to Fuyuki.
But I left Berserker
behind somewhere.
Doesn't matter, I guess.
I'll just summon myself
a new servant
once I'm back at the castle.
I'll summon one not as scary
who won't cause me pain
like he does.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[wolf snarls]
[breathing heavily]
[growls]
[screaming]
[booming]
Berserker?
Why did you come here?
I went off and abandoned you.
[wolves snarling]
Why aren't you fighting
the wolves?
Because of me?
[Illyasviel] Because you
don't want to make me suffer?
Because you don't want
to hurt me?
[exhales]
Get them.
Berserker!
[booming]
Now I understand.
You didn't come and protect me
because I ordered you to
or just because you're
a servant.
You did it
of your own free will.
Because that's what you wanted
to do, isn't it?
Berserker, you're so strong.
[rumbling]
He won't lose.
He would never be defeated
by this grinning fool.
Berserker is stronger
than anyone!
[distant rumbling]
[both gasping]
What was that?
[Rin] Shirou.
You get it, right?
No matter what happens,
you cannot interfere.
We don't have any effective way
to fight them right now.
Got it?
Before you can save anyone,
you've got
to save yourself first.
Then you can worry about them.
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[Gilgamesh] Your defeat
is as certain as sunrise.
How about it?
You're going to die anyway
so why not just
lay down your burden?
[gasps]
If you stop shielding her,
you might still have a chance
of taking me down.
[gasping]
[growls]
[Gilgamesh] I see.
If that's how you wish things
to be,
die with your mistress!
[weapons clanging]
Please don't lose!
[whimpers]
Berserker!
‐ [roars]
‐ So be it.
I'll give you the greatest
of labors!
[roaring]
And that makes 11.
You're on the ropes now,
aren't you, Hercules?
[roaring]
Had you just forsaken
your mistress right away,
you might actually have had
a chance.
[Gilgamesh] In the end he
was no more
than some lowly beast
who lived to fight.
I had hoped for better
from a fellow demigod.
I did not take him
to be such a fool.
‐ [growls]
‐ [gasps]
[shouting]
Berserker, no!
[gasps]
[snarls]
Come back to me!
Berserker!
But why?
I told you to come back
to me, so why?
Why won't you‐‐
[Gilgamesh] Quiet, little doll!
[gasps]
[Gilgamesh]
The chains of Heaven.
Even a god bound in these chains
could not escape
their cold embrace.
The more divine their captive,
the tighter the chains
will hold him.
As if I would ever allow him
to simply teleport away
with a command seal.
[gasps]
[Illyasviel] No!
No, it can't be!
Berserker!
[snarling]
[whimpering]
[sword slicing]
[gasps]
[both grunting]
[screams]
[Illyasviel] Berserker!
Where are you?
Berserker!
[blade slices]
[gasps]
‐ Shirou, I'm begging you!
‐ [muffled screaming]
Ow, it hurts.
It hurts a lot.
[Illyasviel] Berserker.
Are you there?
I can't see you.
I can't see anything.
It's all dark.
Ah.
Oh, good.
Please stay with me.
Berserker.
‐ [snarls]
‐ What?
[roars]
[gasps]
[shudders]
[booming]
A troublesome fellow.
You continue to surpass
your own myth to the very end.
[both grunting]
Stop it, you bastard!
[grunts]
[Illyasviel] I'm not scared.
Even if it is dark,
you're so strong, Berserker.
If you're here with me,
I know I don't have to worry.
You were always there
to protect me.
You looked scary,
but you were kind inside.
And you were so big,
just like Daddy.
I really wished that you would
have scooped me up
in your arms just one time.
[groans]
I feel kinda cold.
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"
(In the Silence)]
[Kalafina singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪